---
title: 'Hello there'
description: 'First post on the new blog'
date: 2026-04-26
tags: ['general', 'life']
---

Hi there, welcome to my new blog. In the dim and distant past I was quite good at this blogging thing, but it was more just a personal viewpoint of what my wife and I got up to. Whether it was gigs, festivals, holidays, or just the day to day it was a way to for me to ramble and keep in touch with friends around the world. Even back then I had the desire to set up a more technical, just me blog, but never quite found the time to set that up. Then our son came along, and unsurprisingly, life changed. We were keeping in touch with family and friends through different means and I drifted away from the blog. I moved web hosts a couple of times during that period, and while it did get briefly resurrected at one point, I never fully committed to it. I still have all the posts on back-ups, I previously used Wordpress, so may add them back in here at some point in an archive.

When I decided I wanted to actually set my own site up again and start blogging again, I had to decide on the tech. As noted, I used Wordpress in the past but didn't want anything anywhere near as heavyweight. I don't want or need plugins to do extra bits and pieces. I could have chosen to build something myself, after all I've been getting paid to build stuff for the past 30 years, but why re-invent the wheel. I was thinking of using something like Orchard CMS as I spend most of my day in the Microsoft eco-system working in C# on .Net, but I still wanted something a bit simpler. I've known about static site generators for a while, and figured this would be a good time to actually start using one. I settled on [11ty](https://www.11ty.dev/) and found a nice starter template/project, [Eleventy Excellent](https://eleventy-excellent.netlify.app/) which seemed to suit how I wanted the site to be structured, and included some frontend tech that I hadn't yet had a chance to use, so figured it could be a good learning opportunity also.

So what will I be posting here? Lots of things. There will be posts similar to the old blog, gig and festival updates, personal updates and the like, general rambling on various topics that might pique my interest, but there will also be tech content. At the moment this will all be in the same blog, but as I get back on the posting horse, I may chose to split this out into more focused areas of the site, but I will at least ensure I tag things appropriately to keep things together. Also expect some content on my football coaching journey. This is extremely important to me personally, having been coaching my son's team since 2017, and I spend a lot of time either coaching or preparing sessions. I am a keen photographer, probably not very good in the grand scheme of things, but it is a hobby that I enjoy and while I haven't taken many photos for the sake of taking photos recently, this is something that will be changing over the coming months.

One thing that I will note on is that this site is in no way complete as yet. I have only made a couple of minor tweaks here and there, but there is lots still to be done. On the Eleventy Excellent site there is a "built with" section and on one of those sites [Chris McLeod](https://chrismcleod.dev/) I did see a great idea that I am shamelessly stealing, that of having a [roadmap](/roadmap/) for the site. This will contain items that I want to address/update on the site and will be a way of keeping me honest in terms of what I need to do.

Another thing I am keen to try is the [100 Days to Offload](https://100daystooffload.com/) challenge. But I'm not going to run before I can walk.

Anyway think that is enough for now, welcome in and hope you enjoy what I end up publishing here, if not thanks for reading anyway.
